Return File Path after Writing in `fwrite` (#6181)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

14. `fread` loads `.bgz` files directly, [#5461](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5461). Thanks to @TMRHarrison for the request with proposed fix, and Benjamin Schwendinger for the PR.

> 15. `fwrite` now returns the file path after writing data, [#5706](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5706). This enhancement allows users to easily capture and utilize the file path for subsequent operations.Thanks to @Nj221102 for the PR.

Reviewer: space between 'operations.' and 'Thanks'

Reviewer: Also, @eliocamp should be credited

Author: sure :)

> 15. `fwrite` now returns the file path after writing data, [#5706](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5706). This enhancement allows users to easily capture and utilize the file path for subsequent operations. Thanks to  @eliocamp for the request and  @Nj221102 for the PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
15. `fwrite` now returns the file path instead of `NULL`, [#5706](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5706). This can be useful to subsequent operations in scripts, especially some pipelines. Thanks to  @eliocamp for the request and  @Nj221102 for the PR.
```
